The concept of my app in terms of what it is for and the functionality it provides did not change much from assignment 2. However, as I continued to work on the project, I refined bits of it so that it more well suited to be a web app. 

## Visual Design
For instance, design-wise, the quick wireframe I drew up for assignment 2 definitely was not a finalized version of what the app would look like, but rather it showcases how the app might flow through user clicks and interactions. In assignment 4b, I was able to come up with a more concrete visual design for the website, such as what colors and fonts I should use. I settled on a beach color theme (bluish and sandy colors) since I was building a traveling/ vacation planning app.  I took some inspiration from my original wireframe of the website from assignment 2 to come up with the layout of the website, but tweaked some parts to make the UI look less cluttered.  

## Concepts
While I was implementing the frontend, I realized that I was missing some essential concepts and actions. While implementing. the backend, there were some aspects that I overlooked and had to patch while issues came up with implementing the frontend. Most of these were that my original specs for some actions were too weak, so I had to go back and strengthen them. I also had to add new getter functions for some concepts (such as fetching items by id, or in batches by the user they're associated with). Once I got to implementing syncs, I needed a way to make sure the users who are making the call are authenticated, so I had to implement a new concept for storing sessions. I had also wanted to include the AI-augmented concept we had implemented for assignment 3 in the project, but due to the lack of time, the idea was scrapped.
